update docs: installation, processing pipeline, ML components (#513)
POSYDON-code/POSYDON: docs/_source/components-overview/post_processing/pipeline/pipeline_steps.rst

##############
Pipeline steps
##############
The post-processing pipeline is divided into several steps which build 
on each other. Each step will take a :samp:`csv` file as input. The name of this 
file determines which pipeline step should be performed.

The script to run the pipeline takes four arguments:

.. code-block:: bash

    posydon-run-pipeline PATH_TO_GRIDS PATH_TO_CSV_FILE DATA_ID VERBOSE

1. [path] The path to the grids main directory (currently not used)
2. [path] The path to the :samp:`csv` file
3. [int] An index indicating the data entry to read from the :samp:`csv` file
4. [int] Whether one wants verbose output (1) or not (0)

.. note::
    The current directory will be used as working directory, so navigate to
    the correct location first.

.. _pipeline_step1:

> Step 1: Creating a `PSyGrid` object
> ----------------------------------

Reviewer: All the lines should have the same length as the text they act on
```suggestion
Step 1: Creating a `PSyGrid` object
-----------------------------------
```

    ========  ===========
    Type      Description
    ========  ===========
    ORIGINAL  Keeps all columns and history entries given by MESA
    LITE      Discards some columns and reduces the history and final profiles to an maximum error of 0.1, and limits profiles to contain a maximum of 200 data points
    \*_RLO    The :samp:`_RLO` can be put on any of the previous types to crop the history before the onset of Roche-lobe overflow for grids containing a compact object
    ========  ===========

.. _pipeline_step2:

> Step 2: Combining `PSyGrid` objects
> ----------------------------------

Reviewer: All the lines should have the same length as the text they act on
```suggestion
Step 2: Combining `PSyGrid` objects
-----------------------------------
```

Often, grids are split into batches, or reruns are done. In those cases,

> there will be several :samp:`PSyGrid` objects created for one grid. This step

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
there will be individual :samp:`PSyGrid` objects created for each batch or rerun. This step
```

> will join them into one. The :samp:`step_2.csv` file should have a matrix

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
will join them into a single combined :samp:`PSyGrid` object representing the complete grid. The :samp:`step_2.csv` file should have a matrix
```

    ,OLD_H5_FILE23

.. warning::

>     The data will be put on top of each other. E.g., if there is the same

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The data will be layered on top of each other. E.g., if there is the same
```

    initial system in :samp:`OLD_H5_FILE11` and :samp:`OLD_H5_FILE12`, the one
    in :samp:`OLD_H5_FILE11` will be discarded and only the one in
    :samp:`OLD_H5_FILE12` will end up in :samp:`NEW_H5_FILE1`.

.. _pipeline_step3:

> Step 3: Calculating extra values from stellar model time series and structure profile data
> --------------------------------------------------

Reviewer: All the lines should have the same length as the text they act on
```suggestion
Step 3: Calculating extra values from stellar model time series and structure profile data
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
```

.. _pipeline_step4:

> Step 4: Training the interpolators
> ------------------------------------

Reviewer: All the lines should have the same length as the text they act on
```suggestion
Step 4: Training the interpolators
----------------------------------
```

To get interpolated data from our grids, in this step we train an interpolator

> on your :samp:`PSyGrid` object. The file :samp:`step_4.csv` therefore has to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
on the :samp:`PSyGrid` object. The file :samp:`step_4.csv` therefore has to
```

.. _pipeline_step9:

> Step 9: Exporting the data set

Reviewer: Please update this and other cases according to the renaming to step F, see PR #558 .

.. _pipeline_stepF:

> Step F: Exporting the data set
> -----------------------------

Reviewer: All the lines should have the same length as the text they act on
```suggestion
Step F: Exporting the data set
------------------------------
```

After we have a complete data set, we would like to export it to be used for

> the population synthesis. We jump here to step F, because this will always be

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
population synthesis. We jump here to step F, because this will always be
```

> the population synthesis. We jump here to step F, because this will always be

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the population synthesis. We now go to the final step, step F.
```

> the final step even if more steps are introduced in the future. In

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In
```

I'm not sure we need to tell users about whether or not we may include extra steps between step 4 and step F here. Feel free to disregard this comment though if you think it is necessary.

> the final step even if more steps are introduced in the future. In

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In
```

This suggestion goes along with the above suggestion. I'm not sure we need to tell people whether we may or may not introduce more steps between step 4 and step F here. I think we can leave that out and just update the docs if we do.

> the population synthesis. We now go to the final step, step F.
> In

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the population synthesis. We now go to the final step, step F. In
```

.. _pipeline_stepR:

> Step R: Exporting a rerun
> ------------------------

Reviewer: All the lines should have the same length as the text they act on
```suggestion
Step R: Exporting a rerun
-------------------------
```

Often, a grid will not successfully converge every binary on the first go. So 

> there is a need to export reruns which use modified conditions to fix 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
we may need to export reruns which use modified conditions to fix 
```

> non-converged models. This step is therefore only needed during the build of 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
non-converged models. This step is therefore only needed to build 
```

a new grid. Usually, one would run the steps to the point where the need of a 
fix arises. Additionally, before exporting a rerun, the logic for how to select 
a system to be included in the rerun and what should be changed needs to be 
implemented first.

For this step the :samp:`csv` file is called :samp:`rerun.csv` to avoid too much

> confusion with other steps. It clearly has to run after step 1 and step 2, but it is 

Reviewer: We can identify a rerun already on the uncombined grid, but we usually don't do because we like to get just one rerun batch instead of more smaller ones.
```suggestion
confusion with other steps. It clearly has to run after step 1 or a later step, but it is 
```

> confusion with other steps. It clearly has to run after a step, but it is 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
confusion with other steps. It clearly has to run step 1 and step 2, but it is 
```

not a usual step itself. It requires the path to a :samp:`PSyGrid` object to 

> get the non-converged models from, the path to which the rerun should be stored (it creates 

Reviewer: We shouldn't restrict it to not non-converged models.
```suggestion
get the models to rerun from, the path to which the rerun should be stored (it creates 
```

    =====================  ==============  ===========
    :samp:`rerun_type`     Future version  Description
    =====================  ==============  ===========
    PISN                   default in v3+  Enables the MESA inlist commit, which stops MESA before getting dynamical to save a final profile there
    reverse_MT             default in v3+  Uses a MESA version with a bug fix, that the role of donor and accretor can switch during the simulation
    opacity_max            caution         Uses a fixed maximum opacity of 0.5 (this is only a last option change to get more stability)
    TPAGBwind              default in v3+  Enables the MESA inlist commit, which changes the wind during the TPAGB phase
    thermohaline_mixing    default in v3+  Uses thermohaline mixing in the inlist
    HeMB_MLTp_mesh         caution         Turns off magnetic braking for He stars; it uses less extreme parameters of the MLT++ (this can cause significant changes in the radius evolution of stars); it changes some more input values to change the resulation close to the surface
    more_mesh              workaround      Modifies the remeshing and allows for more cells in MESA

>     conv_bdy_weight        caution         Disabled the convective_bdy_weight where this caused segmentation faults (this avoids a bug in the old MESA version r11701)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    conv_bdy_weight        caution         Disables the convective_bdy_weight where this caused segmentation faults (this avoids a bug in the old MESA version r11701)
```
